docs/README.md, before:

# Welcome to SzISz courses

## Python 101

### Resources

- The course material with the required data files is available to download as a [zip](https://github.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/raw/master/szisz/python101/resources/python101.zip)ped archive.


## Data Science 101

### Assignments

1. I will survive
	- Download the dataset (`titanic.csv`) from [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/titanic.csv) and fill out the missing values in the survived column based on the cases with existing survived values.
	- Download and solve the 0th notebook from [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_0.ipynb).
2. Roses are red, iris are purple
    - Build a prediction model on the [iris](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.datasets.load_iris.html) dataset.
3. Money-money-money
    - Build a prediction model on the [loan prediction](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/loan.csv) dataset.
4. Fast&Furious
    - Examine the following dataset on [cars from 2004](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/04cars.csv)
5. Spam-spam-[SPAM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anwy2MPT5RE)
    - Build a spam filter based on this [sms spam](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/SMSSpamCollection) dataset.
6. The number of digits are too damn high
    - Build a hand-written digit recognizer from this [digits](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.datasets.load_digits.html) dataset.


### Resources

- [Cheatsheet](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/Cheatsheet.ipynb)
- 0th week
    - [notebook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_0.ipynb)
    - [dataset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/titanic.csv)
- 1st week
    - [notebook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_1.ipynb)
    - [dataset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/titanic_full.csv)
- 2nd week
    - [notebook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_2.ipynb)
- 3rd week
    - [notebook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_3.ipynb)
    - [dataset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/loan.csv)
- 4th week
    - [notebook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_4.ipynb)
- 5th week
    - [notebook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_5.ipynb)
    - [dataset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/SMSSpamCollection)

More resources will be available as the semester progresses.

Commit message:

6th notebook added from staging and updated docs with links and assignment.

docs/README.md, after:

# Welcome to SzISz courses

## Python 101

### Resources

- The course material with the required data files is available to download as a [zip](https://github.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/raw/master/szisz/python101/resources/python101.zip)ped archive.


## Data Science 101

### Assignments

1. I will survive
	- Download the dataset (`titanic.csv`) from [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/titanic.csv) and fill out the missing values in the survived column based on the cases with existing survived values.
	- Download and solve the 0th notebook from [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_0.ipynb).
2. Roses are red, iris are purple
    - Build a prediction model on the [iris](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.datasets.load_iris.html) dataset.
3. Money-money-money
    - Build a prediction model on the [loan prediction](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/loan.csv) dataset.
4. Fast&Furious
    - Examine the following dataset on [cars from 2004](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/04cars.csv)
5. Spam-spam-[SPAM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anwy2MPT5RE)
    - Build a spam filter based on this [sms spam](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/SMSSpamCollection) dataset.
6. The number of digits are too damn high
    - Build a hand-written digit recognizer from this [digits](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.datasets.load_digits.html) dataset.
7. One does not simply win a race
    - Register on [kaggle.com](https://www.kaggle.com/?login=true) and participate the [Job Salary prediction](https://www.kaggle.com/c/job-salary-prediction/data) competition.


### Resources

- [Cheatsheet](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/Cheatsheet.ipynb)
- 0th week
    - [notebook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_0.ipynb)
    - [dataset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/titanic.csv)
- 1st week
    - [notebook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_1.ipynb)
    - [dataset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/titanic_full.csv)
- 2nd week
    - [notebook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_2.ipynb)
- 3rd week
    - [notebook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_3.ipynb)
    - [dataset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/loan.csv)
- 4th week
    - [notebook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_4.ipynb)
- 5th week
    - [notebook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_5.ipynb)
    - [dataset](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/data/SMSSpamCollection)
- 6th week
    - [notebook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fulibacsi/notebooks/master/szisz/ds101/DS101_6.ipynb)

More resources will be available as the semester progresses.
